So
Would you want to like stop by somewhere first destination?
Or like, oh yeah, because in Japan it's really easy, it's short.
I'm really late
Mine in Japan first and put our...
Big stuff in.
Yeah, take our small stuff for the satellite trips.
what? yeah me too, yeah, that's definitely one of their songs.
yeah those two are definitely i also want to go like one of those tropical areas like
Like Thailand or Vietnam or something like that.
huh hehe
Many guests for Taiwan. You want the Taiwanese street food, right?
ukkurm
So it's all based on food.
Yeah I heard that too, yeah, yeah.
You probably don't want to go to China, right?
Cuz everyone I know that went to China, huh?
they say that if you stay in the touristy areas you're okay
yeah but then they said as soon as you get off the beaten path it's like it's gross
yeah
I feel I can't, don't want to go again, huh hahahaha
That's Ken, and he's not very clean, you know?
He's almost as dirty as you are, you know? huh hahaha
So if I were to go with you Korea, right?
would you do the same thing? go to one of those makeup stores?
huhum, um? you are just fine
Yeah, but the last is Korea. I feel like...
that was the main purpose of the trip to Korea
Awww
yeah
Or Like, like, like, really expensive? Like more than LA?
Oh really?
yeah
Oh know, okay, and We'll do a weekend there then.
I want to try and catch a Formula One race in Japan or something.
yeah
what it seems, Yeah, it's expensive.
And then there's rumors that Home Alone might return to Korea.
Yeah, I know. Yeah, so I don't know.
substantiated but if that happens I'm a great excuse to go there
Yeah, yeah, it's not definitely not
That's true, yeah. Oh, that's right, yeah. I always go to One Dependent.
huh haha
what mo most of those big, you know, those F1 tracks.
Have like even in this area of use.
You see the little track in the middle? Yeah, those are usually go-kart tracks.
They almost all of them.
yeah, You sent it to me, right? where it's from?
Yeah, I was having some fun. and then
And they have a hotel with a view of the track everything, yeah.
yeah i would definitely like that song
yeah, yeah, this yes the one bigger ones is like literally like
ah Less than a mile from your grandma's,
ohh. you know, I like, think he'd be like.
I'm interested in that stuff.
think that
I'll I'll be the old man there and you'll fit in.
Actually, now, they're alright yeah
huh
you want to know? You know, yeah haha
We have to do that, seems so bitter about not being able to do it.
That hurt though, like a like you know...
Because we couldn't get our feet back either, you know? That hurt a lot.
You know they have, okay, only because it's a Japanese person, like a legit Japanese person.
I I think they wrote it down. yeah
Yeah, he because he told me, he said, hey, in the future, make sure you stay with us.
He said to call him directly and then he'll give us a deal.
yeah so that's why I saved the email on my phone. I still haven't saved.
No, no, no like that. Yeah, they said oh
phone but I saved the place we were put to stay at in my email.
stop